doc: known issues: Add note about potential deadlock wo C2H acl data fc (#20200)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Use a separate workqueue for connection TX notify processing (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CONN_TX_NOTIFY_WQ`).

> NCSDK-30959: The Bluetooth subsystem may deadlock when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` is disabled.
>   When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option is disabled and a user application blocks any of the Bluetoot Host callbacks, the Bluetooth subsystem may deadlock.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL`, or do not call blocking API from any of the Bluetooth Host callbacks.
> 
> .. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-rc1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0

NCSDK-30959: The Bluetooth subsystem may deadlock when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` is disabled
  When the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option is disabled and a user application blocks any of the Bluetooth Host callbacks, the Bluetooth subsystem may deadlock.

  **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option or do not call the blocking API from any of the Bluetooth Host callbacks.
```
